Use `with-environment.sh` in Xcode Build Phases (#329)
getsentry/sentry-wizard: CHANGELOG.md

- fix(sveltekit): Bump `magicast` to handle vite configs declared as variables (#380)
- ref(sveltekit): Add vite plugin insertion fallback mechanism (#379)
- ref(sveltekit): Insert project config into vite config instead of `sentry.properties` (#378)

> - Use `with-environment.sh` in React Native Xcode Build Phases (#329)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat(reactnative): Use `with-environment.sh` in Xcode Build Phases (#329)
```
